gh-128509: Add `PyUnstable_IsImmortal` for finding immortal objects (#129182)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/object.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.14

.. c:function:: int PyUnstable_IsImmortal(PyObject *obj)

   This function returns non-zero if *obj* is :term:`immortal`, and zero
   otherwise. This function cannot fail.

   .. note::

>       Objects that are immortal in one Python version are not guarunteed to be immortal in another.

Reviewer: There's a typo. (Also the line is too long, and I like to say `CPython` when talking about implementation details.)
```suggestion
      Objects that are immortal in one CPython version are not guaranteed to
      be immortal in another.
```

   .. versionadded:: 3.14

.. c:function:: int PyUnstable_IsImmortal(PyObject *obj)

>    This function returns ``1`` if *obj* is :term:`immortal`, and ``0`` otherwise. This function cannot fail.

Reviewer 2: nitpick: try to align to 80 columns.

>    This function returns ``1`` if *obj* is :term:`immortal`, and ``0`` otherwise. This function cannot fail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   This function returns non-zero if *obj* is :term:`immortal`, and zero otherwise. This function cannot fail.
```

>    Immortal objects don't care about reference counting, thus they no-op calls to :c:func:`Py_INCREF`

Reviewer 2: I don't think that it's the right place to elaborate on immortal objects: the glossary would be a better place. You already linked to the "immortal" term. Maybe delete this paragraph?

   and :c:func:`Py_DECREF`. Some immutable objects such as literal strings, small integers, or special tuples
   might be made immortal as an optimization by the interpreter.

   On the :term:`free-threaded <free threading>` build, some objects that support deferred reference counting

>    (see :c:func:`PyUnstable_Object_EnableDeferredRefcount`) might also be immortalized.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if this information is relevant here? Maybe move it to the glossary?

   .. note::

>       Objects that are immortal in one version are not guarunteed to be immortal in another.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Objects that are immortal in one Python version are not guarunteed to be immortal in another.
```
